all right a Ark 5530 here or otherwise
known as austin part or in the amateur
regular world i'm known as take a for NW
x took me a little while to get that
plate
um but today i'm going to make an
updated version of my mobile ham radio
set up because i've got some new stuff
and moved some stuff around so to start
with my good old diamond SG 7900 that I
said I'd never break well this is not it
this is it and I did break it I broke it
at the base I don't know how probably
it's really low tree limb or something
but anyway I went on the Giga parts got
me a new one right about a hundred
dollars um so it's not too cheap for
that antenna
come over here I've got a msj 10 meter
HF ham stick it's about 8 feet tall I
believe and it starts at little under 4
feet at the town or 4 feet off the
ground
why is this thing so dark there we go um
but anyway it's on a diamond k400 look
now I love that thing the lip man was
basically as strong as whatever surface
you put it on so and up top I have a MFJ
2 meter 6 meter mag mount n mo a dual
band er just a single little whoop
that's my stuff has log periodic that
thing is awesome
it's big doesn't work quite as well as
some other things but it still looks
pretty cool
but inside I have the icon IC 706 mark
2g that's remote mounted I have an icon
IC 2800 that is all ceramic millet and I
remote mounted right here there's the
2800 on top there's the 706 on bottom
I've talking I've talked to one person
in Bulgaria with this radio and actually
talked to somebody and well north
royalton oh hi this is a USO card for
talking through the sf50 satellite um
back in March of last year for k8y I see
and that was the coolest like coolest
day ever if that was right after I had
gotten into ham radio and I just had
this one in my car but that was pretty
cool but to run these radios I am
running them off of a separate battery
here it is sorry for the mess
but uh it's run through a 90 amp battery
isolator which I'll show you in just a
second and I did this so that if I'm
playing with the radios while having a
truck off I won't be pulling off of my
truck battery when I crank up my truck
it charges this and when I turn it off
it isolates this battery so that it's
like by itself also cuts out a whole lot
of noise and to mount the battery
isolator we had to relocate my cruise
control my food control was put right
there
but there's the isolator it's a moko
battery isolator the massive aluminum
heatsink on it but uh basically what it
does is it hook it you hook the
alternator to it and then run your
battery cables which actually wasn't
that hard at all but I run your battery
cables which I'm you to clean that to it
so basically it's splits your alternator
power it goes to there half of it goes
to that battery and half of it goes to
the other battery until once charged and
then it just it balances them but uh
yeah those aren't those not too bad
they're like 30 30 watts or whatnot you
can look up on Amazon they worked really
well and I've never had any problem out
of it
but uh yeah that's my ham radio set up
got my 2 meter defender right there 2
meter 6 meter which I only use the 2
meter side of it and I do mean Eurasia
then all my stuff that stuff but anyway
thanks for watching